move genesis docs to genesis package and add note on initial staker handling (#3574)
ava-labs/avalanchego: genesis/README.md

# Genesis

> The Genesis package converts formatted JSON files into the genesis of the Primary Network. For the simplest example, see the [Local Genesis](./genesis_local.json) JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Genesis package converts formatted JSON files into the genesis of the Primary Network. For the simplest example, see the [Local Genesis](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/blob/master/genesis/genesis_local.json) JSON file.
```
This suggestion is only necessary if we also want to import this page into the docs. imo we should cc: @ashucoder9

The genesis JSON file contains the following properties:

- `networkID`: A unique identifier for the blockchain, must be a number in the range [0, 2^32).
- `allocations`: The list of initial addresses, their initial balances and the unlock schedule for each.
- `startTime`: The time of the beginning of the blockchain, it must be a Unix
  timestamp and it can't be a time in the future.
- `initialStakeDuration`: The stake duration, in seconds, of the validators that exist at network genesis.

> - `initialStakeDurationOffset`: The offset, in seconds, between the start times
>   of the validators that exist at genesis.

Reviewer 2: This was wrong before, the offset is for the endTime - not the startTime.
```suggestion
- `initialStakeDurationOffset`: The offset, in seconds, between the end times
  of the validators that exist at genesis.
```

- `initialStakedFunds`: A list of addresses that own the funds staked at genesis
  (each address must be present in `allocations` as well)
- `initialStakers`: The validators that exist at genesis. Each element contains
  the `rewardAddress`, NodeID and the `delegationFee` of the validator.
- `cChainGenesis`: The genesis info to be passed to the C-Chain.
- `message`: A message to include in the genesis. Not required.

## Allocations and Genesis Stakers

Each allocation contains the following fields:

- `ethAddr`: Annotation of corresponding Ethereum address holding an ERC-20 token
- `avaxAddr`: X/P Chain address to receive the allocation
- `initialAmount`: Initial unlocked amount minted to the `avaxAddr` on the X-Chain
- `unlockSchedule`: List of locked, stakeable UTXOs minted to `avaxAddr` on the P-Chain

> Note: if an `avaxAddr` from allocations is included in `initialStakers`, the genesis includes
> all the UTXOs specified in the `unlockSchedule` as part of the locked stake of the corresponding
> genesis validator. Otherwise, the locked UTXO is created directly on the P-Chain.

Reviewer 2: All of the funds are use for the genesis validators, not just the tokens in the unlock schedule. That being said, on mainnet, there are no genesis validators with unlocked stake (so this distinction doesn't impact mainnet)
```suggestion
Note: if an `avaxAddr` from allocations is included in `initialStakedFunds`, the genesis allocates all the UTXOs for that `avaxAddr` as part of the stake of the genesis validators; rather than on the X-Chain and P-Chain.
```
